1)first use of would: 
future in past:
example: I said tha I would present there.
example: I told him that your son would become a doctor.


2)second use of would:
used to = would
used to use for past habitual actions.
if you describe all past habit at onece then, use for the fist habits "used to" and after that use "would"
for all other habits that you describe to someone.
example: I used to go school and I would play criket with my friends then I would back to home 
and after that I would study for five hours.

3)third use of would:
use for polite request but you must use "please" in the sentence:
for example: Would you please help me in this work?
example:Would you please sit there?
example: Would you please give me your pen?
example:Woud you please present something to students?



4)the fourth use of would:(subjunctive mood)(subjunctive sentences that expresses a wish or a hope in the present.)
I wish you could help him with his homework.  (listener is not able to do)
I wish, you would help him with his homework. (listener are not doint it/ not ready to do it)                                  
I wish, you would help him. all the above three sentences are 
example:I wish , you would be with him.
example:I wish, I would be with you.
example:I wish, you would get 3.99 GPA.
example:If I had a million dollars, I would buy a big house.
example:If it rains tomorrow, we would have to cancel the party.
example:If I were you, I would take that job offer.


5) the fifth use of would:
(choise or prefrences)
I would rather die than beg.
I would rather fail than copy in the examp.
I prefer fail to copy in the exam.
I prefer coffee to tea.
I prefer elders to small.

6) the six use of would:(koi kaam app krna chahoga)_(would like to)_(desire):
(This shows a future wish, but not a definite plan.)
example:I would like to learn english.
example:I would like to drink water.
example:I would like to go there.
example:I would like to go here.
example:I would like to go join the english academy for speaking.

7) future posibility use of would:(shayed)
example:I think you would meet him.
example:you would learn english.
example:I think you would help him.
example:I would join the spoken acadmey.



8) would use in future:(we can use 'would' instead of "will/shall")
I would become a doctore.
I would meet him tomorow because I don't have time today.
I would buy a car and and visit to islamabad.

9) would that(kaash):
would that you were there.
would that you went there.
